Add changelog notes for 23.10 (#8086)
helix-editor/helix: CHANGELOG.md

- `yank_joined` - Join the selections and yank to the selected register (#7195)
- `:write-all!` (`:wa!`) - forcibly write all buffers to disk and create any necessary subdirectories (#7577)

Usability improvements:

- Allow cycling option values at runtime (#4411, #7240, 7877)
- Exit gracefully on termination signals (#7236)
- Add plaintext matching fallback to tree-sitter pair matching (#4288)
- Persist register selection in pending keymaps (0e08349)
- Propagate the count and register to command palette commands (b394997)
- Auto indent on `insert_at_line_start` (#5837)
- Add a config option to control whether LSP completions are automatically inserted on preview (#7189)
- Check for `git` before fetching or building grammars (#7320)
- Add a config option for default line endings (#5621, #7357)
- Allow ANSI colors in themes (#5119)
- Match pairs that don't form a standalone tree-sitter node (#7242)
- Allow indent sizes of up to 16 columns (#7429)
- Improve performance of mapping positions through changes (#7408, 8d39a81, #7471)
- Mark buffers created from stdin as modified (#7431)
- Forcibly shut down uninitialized language servers (#7449)

> - Use redraw handle to debounce LSP notifications (#7538, #8023)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix debouncing of LSP messages to fix the last message sticking around (#7538, #8023)
```

Maybe not ideal yet but I think this needs a less technical description. Nobody but us knows what the redraw handle is :D I think this could also be moved to bug fixes

- Add filename completer for shell prompts (#7569)

> - Show visual feedback in `surround_replace` (#7588)

Reviewer: this could also be a feature

- Allow binding F13-F24 (#7672)
- Resolve LSP code actions (#7677)
- Save an undo checkpoint before accepting completions (#7747)

> - Syntax highlight regex prompts (#7738)

Reviewer: could be a feature? Sort of an edge case

> - Allow defining alignment in indent queries (#5355)

Reviewer: this could also be a feature (the PR was also fairly large)

# 23.10 (2023-10-13)

A big shout out to all the contributors! We had 118 contributors in this release.

Breaking changes:

- Support multiple language servers per language (#2507)
    - This is a breaking change to language configuration
- Maintain the cursor position and view when splitting with `:hsplit`/`:vsplit` (#8109)

>     - Previously, splitting would open the new buffer at the top of the file

Reviewer: hmm is this really a breaking change?

I would only call things that break configuration a breaking change

Author: Hmm yeah I suppose behavior changes aren't necessarily breaking changes. I like the idea of using breaking changes just for configuration or renames 👍

- Insert a trailing newline on write ([#8157](https://github.com/helix-editor/helix/pull/8157))
- Add a `-w`/`--working-dir` CLI flag for specifying a working directory on startup ([#8223](https://github.com/helix-editor/helix/pull/8223), [#8498](https://github.com/helix-editor/helix/pull/8498), [#8520](https://github.com/helix-editor/helix/pull/8520))
- Accept a `+N` CLI argument to set the first file's line number ([#8521](https://github.com/helix-editor/helix/pull/8521))
- Accept Helix-specific ignore files in `.helix/ignore` and `~/.config/helix/ignore` ([#8099](https://github.com/helix-editor/helix/pull/8099))

Commands:

- `merge_selections` (`A-minus`) - merge all selections into one selection that covers all ranges ([#7053](https://github.com/helix-editor/helix/pull/7053))
- `move_prev_long_word_end` and `extend_prev_long_word_end` - move/extend to the end of the previous WORD ([#6905](https://github.com/helix-editor/helix/pull/6905))

> - `reverse_selection_contents` - swaps the values of each register so they are reversed ([#7329](https://github.com/helix-editor/helix/pull/7329))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `reverse_selection_contents` - swaps the values of each selection so they are reversed ([#7329](https://github.com/helix-editor/helix/pull/7329))
```

I think this a typo that command doens't involve registers
